Cinnabon Okamoto - today my dad see that
one that was with Bishop here with
Chanel okay Chanel Deacon mcgurthey
Vaseline and oh I had a moment with him
and civil tender they were mentioning
she alerted New Jersey people who knew I
had a mother's mundo women that loved
who came to know and now panting - yeah
yeah or not
Janette we were seated oh yeah
because your vision and motherly we were
the one who came to build a full tank -
you first
and then you listen to this
image and the Kissimmee oneness and
their folk who lick a Lucas Scherr home
now ok sir woman aah
now MJ my devil madam mother dear - me
you are cuckoo ahead of course is
phenomenal consistent and now cushy
still that amount of you mean who can in
this state who came to know who we can
be luckily concerned over the Internet
she let me come up there we catch and
you were headed Meo who continue now as
she tumbled into the wall put in - well
if a lot inshallah security nested
so cranky had